add arguments to launch file templates (#1397)
ros-planning/moveit: MIGRATION.md

## ROS Noetic (upcoming changes in master)
- Extended the return value of `MoveitCommander.MoveGroup.plan()` from `trajectory` to a tuple of `(success, trajectory, planning_time, error_code)` to better match the C++ MoveGroupInterface ([790](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/pull/790/))

> - Setup_assistant launch file templates allow setting `rviz_config` argument and drop the boolean config argument ([1397](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/pull/1397))

Reviewer: Please be more specific:
```suggestion
- `moveit_rviz.launch`, generated by MSA, provides an argument `rviz_config` to configure the rviz config to be used. The old boolean config argument was dropped. ([1397](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/pull/1397))
```
